docs: add proposal for grafana dashboard parent folder management (#1592)
grafana/grafana-operator: docs/docs/proposals/005-grafanadashboard-folder-management-strategy-update.md

With this field implemented, the CRD GrafanaDashboard would look like this:
```yaml
---
apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1
kind: GrafanaDashboard
metadata:
  name: cr_dashboard_uid
  namespace: namespace
  labels:
    dashboards: "grafana"
spec:
  folderUID: "test123456789" # ID of the parent Folder in Grafana
  instanceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      dashboards: "grafana"
  json: |
    {
      "id": null,
      "title": "Simple Dashboard UID",
      "tags": [],
      "style": "dark",
      "timezone": "browser",
      "editable": true,
      "hideControls": false,
      "graphTooltip": 1,
      "panels": [],
      "time": {
        "from": "now-6h",
        "to": "now"
      },
      "timepicker": {
        "time_options": [],
        "refresh_intervals": []
      },
      "templating": {
        "list": []
      },
      "annotations": {
        "list": []
      },
      "refresh": "5s",
      "schemaVersion": 17,
      "version": 0,
      "links": []
    }
```

> Note: this field is mutually exclusive with the folderRef presented in the first proposal.

> ### Additional usecase: handle retro-compatibility between folder and folderRef/FolderUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Backwards Compatibility
```

> If both field (folder and folderUID/folderRef) are set, folder is ignored and the behavior of `folderRef`/`folderUID` is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one of the new fields (`folderUID`/`folderRef`) is set, the legacy `folder` field is ignored and the behavior of `folderRef`/`folderUID` is executed.

In all other cases, the operator behaves the same as in previous versions
```

```yaml
---
apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1
kind: GrafanaFolder
metadata:
  name: cr_grafanafolder_created_folder
spec:
  instanceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      dashboards: "grafana"
  title: "cr_grafanafolder_created_folder"
  parentFolderUID: "<existing_folder_uid>"
---
apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1
kind: GrafanaDashboard
metadata:
  name: cr_dashboard_3
  labels:
    dashboards: "grafana"
spec:
  folderRef: cr_grafanafolder_created_folder
  instanceSelector:
    matchLabels:
      dashboards: "grafana"
  json: |
    {
      "id": null,
      "title": "Simple Dashboard 3",
      "tags": [],
      "style": "dark",
      "timezone": "browser",
      "editable": true,
      "hideControls": false,
      "graphTooltip": 1,
      "panels": [],
      "time": {
        "from": "now-6h",
        "to": "now"
      },
      "timepicker": {
        "time_options": [],
        "refresh_intervals": []
      },
      "templating": {
        "list": []
      },
      "annotations": {
        "list": []
      },
      "refresh": "5s",
      "schemaVersion": 17,
      "version": 0,
      "links": []
    }
```

## Impact on the already existing CRD

> Implementing the specified behaviors introduce no change in the GrafanaDashboard CRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By keeping the behaviour backwards compatible, existing CRDs will continue to be supported in the same way.
```

## Decision Outcome

> Outcome from discussing this in our weekly:
> 
> we want to only add `folderUid` and `folderRef` fields. The `createFolder` fields is implicitly defined through the presence of the new fields. This means:
> 
> * If `folder` is set and none of the other fields is set (backwards compat. case) -> Create the folder
> * If `folderUID` or `folderRef` is set -> don't create the folder
> * If `folderUID` or `folderRef` **AND** folder is set, the new fields take priority -> don't create the folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`folderUid` and `folderRef` will be added to the `GrafanaDashboard` CRD. The behaviour is as follows:

* If no folder specification (old or new) is set -> use namespace folder
* If `folder` is set and none of the other fields is set (backwards compat. case) -> Create the folder
* If `folderUID` or `folderRef` is set -> don't create the folder
* If `folderUID` or `folderRef` **AND** folder is set, the new fields take priority -> don't create the folder
```
